.. SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-2.0
.. X-SPDX-Copyright-Text: (c) Solarflare Communications Inc
Introduction
------------

 This directory contains a set of sample applications that demonstrate
 various techniques to reduce latency.  These techniques are often useful
 in electronic trading applications, and so these samples take the form of
 an extremely simplified electronic trading system.

 You need two components to run a test:

   exchange: This application plays the role of an exchange.

   trader_onload_ds_efvi: This application plays the role of traders.  The
             implementation illustrates various technologies and techniques.

 The exchange application accepts a TCP connection from a trader
 application, and publishes a stream of UDP messages which play the role of
 market data messages.  A subset of these market data messages contain a
 magic string.

 The trader application receives the stream of UDP messages, and when it
 sees the magic string it sends a message on the TCP socket.  This TCP
 message plays the role of an order submitted to the exchange.  The goal of
 the trader is to respond to the magic string as quickly as possible.

 The exchange application timestamps the market data messages, and
 timestamps orders received from the trader.  It then compares these
 timestamps to measure latency.  When used with Onload the exchange uses
 hardware timestamps if possible, so that the latency measured excludes the
 contribution of the exchange application itself.


Running
-------

 First start the exchange application.  It is desirable to use Onload
 acceleration in order to be able to use hardware timestamps (or to get
 more accurate timestamps if hardware timestamping is not supported by your
 network adapter).

   # eth5 is the network interface that will be used for "market data"
   onload -p latency-best ./exchange eth5

 Then start the trader application on another host:

   # eth3 is the network interface that "market data" is expected on.
   # exchange-host is a name that resolves to an IP address of the host
   # running "exchange".
   onload -p latency-best ./trader_onload_ds_efvi eth3 exchange-host


Applications
------------

 trader_onload_ds_efvi

   This implementation illustrates the Onload extensions API, including the
   delegated sends API.  It uses BSD sockets with Onload acceleration for
   UDP receive, and ef_vi for the low-latency send path.
